docs: update AZ_BATCH_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN (#115709)
Azure/azure-content: articles/batch/batch-compute-node-environment-variables.md

## Environment variables

> [!NOTE]

> > `AZ_BATCH_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN` is deprecated ([see announcement for alternative implementation](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/azure-batch-task-authentication-token-will-be-retired-on-30-september-2024/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `AZ_BATCH_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN` is deprecated and will be retired on September 30, 2024. See the [announcement](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/azure-batch-task-authentication-token-will-be-retired-on-30-september-2024/) for details and alternative implementation.
```

| AZ_BATCH_ACCOUNT_URL            | The URL of the Batch account. | All tasks. | `https://myaccount.westus.batch.azure.com` |
| AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE            | A prefix of all the app package environment variables. For example, if Application "FOO" version "1" is installed onto a pool, the environment variable is AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_FOO_1 (on Linux) or AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_FOO#1 (on Windows). AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_FOO_1 points to the location that the package was downloaded (a folder). When using the default version of the app package, use the AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE environment variable without the version numbers. If in Linux, and the application package name is "Agent-linux-x64" and the version is "1.1.46.0, the environment name is actually: AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_agent_linux_x64_1_1_46_0, using underscores and lower case. For more information, see [Execute the installed applications](batch-application-packages.md#execute-the-installed-applications) for more details. | Any task with an associated app package. Also available for all tasks if the node itself has application packages. | AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_FOO_1 (Linux) or AZ_BATCH_APP_PACKAGE_FOO#1 (Windows) |

> | AZ_BATCH_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN   | An authentication token that grants access to a limited set of Batch service operations. This environment variable is only present if the [authenticationTokenSettings](/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#authenticationtokensettings) are set when the [task is added](/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#request-body). The token value is used in the Batch APIs as credentials to create a Batch client, such as in the [BatchClient.Open() .NET API](/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.batch.batchclient.open#Microsoft_Azure_Batch_BatchClient_Open_Microsoft_Azure_Batch_Auth_BatchTokenCredentials_). The token does not support private networking. | All tasks. | OAuth2 access token |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AZ_BATCH_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN   | An authentication token that grants access to a limited set of Batch service operations. This environment variable is only present if the [authenticationTokenSettings](/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#authenticationtokensettings) are set when the [task is added](/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#request-body). The token value is used in the Batch APIs as credentials to create a Batch client, such as in the [BatchClient.Open() .NET API](/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.batch.batchclient.open#Microsoft_Azure_Batch_BatchClient_Open_Microsoft_Azure_Batch_Auth_BatchTokenCredentials_). The token doesn't support private networking. | All tasks. | OAuth2 access token |
```
